frying pan
Since everyone says they have a fiercely loyal
Especially the royal family
Then I'd like to see how much you think the center is
prince
We wait for the center of the world to learn from
My father taught me to be loyal and patriotic since I was a child
I also got ear insults
I have vowed to go through fire and water for the imperial family all my life
Your Highness, with all due respect
To want to open the imperial examination to believe in the poor door
And do not believe in the actions of the nobles of our country
It's really a waste of money.
Yan Xiang's words are bad
How many poor people have I laid down?
Are we not loyal to the army and patriotic?
That's me!
Some people
It's just what it says
The so-called poor life scheme
God knows these poor untouchables from small to large
How much trouble is in this stomach?
In my opinion
These poor and poor people in this court
both should
You're right, loyalty comes first
They grew up far away in the rude countryside
Nature South and Gold International are so close as royalty
More loyal
No need to fight
The oil pan is boiling.
One by one, you all said that you wish to be a heaven
Allegiance to death now
Which loyal minister is reaching in for
Take this big summer imperial wash
Take it out